#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anthropic==0.49.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-evals
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
argcomplete==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
boto3==1.37.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
botocore==1.37.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
cohere==5.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   griffe
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via pdfminer-six
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opentelemetry-api
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   openai
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mistralai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements.in
fastavro==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
griffe==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
groq==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   groq
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   mistralai
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-graph
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
    #   mcp
huggingface-hub==0.30.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tokenizers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opentelemetry-api
jiter==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.24
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.55
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.3.14
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
logfire-api==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-evals
    #   pydantic-graph
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
mcp==1.6.0
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mistralai==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
openai==1.70.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
opentelemetry-api==1.31.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
orjson==3.10.16
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pdfminer-six==20250327
    # via pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.11.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.2.1
    # via pdfplumber
pinecone-client==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via pinecone-client
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   fastapi
    #   groq
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   mistralai
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-evals
    #   pydantic-graph
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-ai==0.0.53
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic-ai-slim[anthropic,bedrock,cli,cohere,evals,groq,mcp,mistral,openai,vertexai]==0.0.53
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai
    #   pydantic-evals
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
    #   pydantic
pydantic-evals==0.0.53
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
pydantic-graph==0.0.53
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pypdfium2==4.30.1
    # via pdfplumber
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   mistralai
    #   pinecone-client
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic-evals
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-evals
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via langchain
sse-starlette==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
starlette==0.46.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
types-requests==2.32.0.20250328
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
typing-extensions==4.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   fastapi
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mistralai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-graph
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deprecated
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
